Bump version to 0.24.1 (#91)
giantswarm/kubernetes-nginx-ingress-controller: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

All notable changes to this project will be documented in this file.

The format is based on [Keep a Changelog](http://keepachangelog.com/en/1.0.0/)
and this project's packages adheres to [Semantic Versioning](http://semver.org/spec/v2.0.0.html).

## [0.6.0]

### Added

> - Nginx kubectl plugin has added a commend to `lint` your ingress resources. That way you can observe deprecated annotations or properties. To install the command go [here](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/blob/29f7d9a77ade24a7366ef4a6f258b8aeef50678c/docs/kubectl-plugin.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Nginx kubectl plugin has a new command to `lint` your ingress resources. That way you can observe deprecated annotations or properties. To install the plugin go [here](https://github.com/kubernetes/ingress-nginx/blob/29f7d9a77ade24a7366ef4a6f258b8aeef50678c/docs/kubectl-plugin.md).
```

### Changed

> 

Reviewer: the two changes should be below a general change that the version of the IC has been updated to 0.24.1, those two are details of the changelog of that, not changes we made

Reviewer: also don't forget to link to upstream changelog/release notes for that

Author: But what do you think about mention it here? or just point to the upstream changelog?

Reviewer: good but as sub points of the upstream change, like "notable changes"
